<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [className][1]
-   [style][2]
-   [mapStyle][3]
-   [children][4]
-   [children][5]
-   [accessToken][6]
-   [longitude][7]
-   [longitude][8]
-   [longitude][9]
-   [latitude][10]
-   [latitude][11]
-   [latitude][12]
-   [zoom][13]
-   [bearing][14]
-   [pitch][15]
-   [minZoom][16]
-   [minZoom][17]
-   [maxZoom][18]
-   [maxZoom][19]
-   [hash][20]
-   [bearingSnap][21]
-   [pitchWithRotate][22]
-   [attributionControl][23]
-   [failIfMajorPerformanceCaveat][24]
-   [preserveDrawingBuffer][25]
-   [refreshExpiredTiles][26]
-   [maxBounds][27]
-   [scrollZoom][28]
-   [boxZoom][29]
-   [dragRotate][30]
-   [dragPan][31]
-   [keyboard][32]
-   [doubleClickZoom][33]
-   [trackResize][34]
-   [maxTileCacheSize][35]
-   [renderWorldCopies][36]
-   [localIdeographFontFamily][37]
-   [transformRequest][38]
-   [collectResourceTiming][39]
-   [onViewportChange][40]
-   [onLoad][41]
-   [cursorStyle][42]
-   [id][43]
-   [id][44]
-   [layer][45]
-   [layer][46]
-   [before][47]
-   [before][48]
-   [onClick][49]
    -   [Parameters][50]
-   [onHover][51]
    -   [Parameters][52]
-   [onEnter][53]
    -   [Parameters][54]
-   [onLeave][55]
    -   [Parameters][56]
-   [radius][57]
-   [radius][58]
-   [CustomLayer][59]
    -   [getLayer][60]
-   [source][61]
-   [element][62]
-   [element][63]
-   [element][64]
-   [onClose][65]
-   [offset][66]
-   [offset][67]
-   [draggable][68]
-   [onDragEnd][69]
-   [extent][70]
-   [nodeSize][71]
-   [innerRef][72]
-   [compact][73]
-   [AttributionControl][74]
-   [container][75]
-   [FullscreenControl][76]
-   [fitBoundsOptions][77]
-   [trackUserLocation][78]
-   [showUserLocation][79]
-   [GeolocateControl][80]
-   [NavigationControl][81]
-   [ScaleControl][82]

## className

container className

## style

container style

## mapStyle

The Mapbox style. A string url or a MapboxGL style Immutable.Map object.

## children

Sources and Layers

## children

Markers as children

## accessToken

Mapbox API access token for mapbox-gl-js.
Required when using Mapbox vector tiles/styles.

## longitude

The longitude of the center of the map.

## longitude

The longitude of the center of the popup.

## longitude

The longitude of the center of the marker.

## latitude

The latitude of the center of the map.

## latitude

The latitude of the center of the popup.

## latitude

The latitude of the center of the marker.

## zoom

The tile zoom level of the map.

## bearing

Specify the bearing of the viewport

## pitch

Specify the pitch of the viewport

## minZoom

The minimum zoom level of the map (0-22).

## minZoom

Minimum zoom level at which clusters are generated

## maxZoom

The maximum zoom level of the map (0-22).

## maxZoom

Maximum zoom level at which clusters are generated

## hash

If `true`, the map's position (zoom, center latitude,
center longitude, bearing, and pitch) will be synced
with the hash fragment of the page's URL. For example,
[http://path/to/my/page.html#2.59/39.26/53.07/-24.1/60][83].

## bearingSnap

The threshold, measured in degrees, that determines when
the map's bearing (rotation) will snap to north. For
example, with a  bearingSnap of 7, if the user rotates the
map within 7 degrees of north, the map will automatically
snap to exact north.

## pitchWithRotate

If `false`, the map's pitch (tilt) control with "drag to
rotate" interaction will be disabled.

## attributionControl

If `true`, an AttributionControl will be added to the map.

## failIfMajorPerformanceCaveat

If `true`, map creation will fail if the performance of Mapbox
GL JS would be dramatically worse than expected (i.e. a software
renderer would be used).

## preserveDrawingBuffer

Mapbox WebGL context creation option.
Useful when you want to export the canvas as a PNG.

## refreshExpiredTiles

If `false`, the map won't attempt to re-request tiles once they
expire per their HTTP `cacheControl`/`expires` headers.

## maxBounds

If set, the map will be constrained to the given bounds.

## scrollZoom

If `true`, the "scroll to zoom" interaction is enabled.

## boxZoom

If `true`, the "box zoom" interaction is enabled

## dragRotate

If `true`, the "drag to rotate" interaction is enabled

## dragPan

If `true`, the "drag to pan" interaction is enabled

## keyboard

If `true`, keyboard shortcuts are enabled

## doubleClickZoom

If `true`, the "double click to zoom" interaction is enabled

## trackResize

If `true`, the map will automatically resize
when the browser window resizes.

## maxTileCacheSize

The maxiumum number of tiles stored in the tile cache for a given
source. If omitted, the cache will be dynamically sized based on
the current viewport.

## renderWorldCopies

If `true`, multiple copies of the world
will be rendered, when zoomed out

## localIdeographFontFamily

If specified, defines a CSS font-family for locally overriding
generation of glyphs in the 'CJK Unified Ideographs' and
'Hangul Syllables' ranges. In these ranges, font settings from the
map's style will be ignored, except for font-weight keywords
(light/regular/medium/bold). The purpose of this option is to avoid
bandwidth-intensive glyph server requests.
(see [https://www.mapbox.com/mapbox-gl-js/example/local-ideographs][84] )

## transformRequest

A callback run before the Map makes a request for an external URL.
The callback can be used to modify the url, set headers, or set the
credentials property for cross-origin requests. Expected to return
an object with a  url property and optionally  headers and
credentials properties.

## collectResourceTiming

If true, Resource Timing API information will be collected for
requests made by GeoJSON and Vector Tile web workers (this information
is normally inaccessible from the main Javascript thread). Information
will be returned in a resourceTiming property of relevant data events.

## onViewportChange

`onViewportChange` callback is fired when the user interacted with the
map. The object passed to the callback contains viewport properties
such as `longitude`, `latitude`, `zoom` etc.

## onLoad

The onLoad callback for the map

## cursorStyle

Map cursor style as CSS value

## id

Mapbox GL Layer id

## id

Mapbox GL Source id

## layer

Mapbox GL Layer as Immutable object

## layer

Mapbox GL Custom Layer instance

## before

The id of an existing layer to insert the new layer before.

## before

The id of an existing layer to insert the new layer before.

## onClick

Called when the layer is clicked.

Type: [Function][85]

### Parameters

-   `event` **[Object][86]** The mouse event.
    -   `event.lngLat` **\[[Number][87], [Number][87]]** The coordinates of the pointer
    -   `event.features` **[Array][88]** The features under the pointer,
        using Mapbox's queryRenderedFeatures API:
        [https://www.mapbox.com/mapbox-gl-js/api/#Map#queryRenderedFeatures][89]

## onHover

Called when the layer is hovered over.

Type: [Function][85]

### Parameters

-   `event` **[Object][86]** The mouse event.
    -   `event.lngLat` **\[[Number][87], [Number][87]]** The coordinates of the pointer
    -   `event.features` **[Array][88]** The features under the pointer,
        using Mapbox's queryRenderedFeatures API:
        [https://www.mapbox.com/mapbox-gl-js/api/#Map#queryRenderedFeatures][89]

## onEnter

Called when the layer feature is entered.

Type: [Function][85]

### Parameters

-   `event` **[Object][86]** The mouse event.
    -   `event.lngLat` **\[[Number][87], [Number][87]]** The coordinates of the pointer
    -   `event.features` **[Array][88]** The features under the pointer,
        using Mapbox's queryRenderedFeatures API:
        [https://www.mapbox.com/mapbox-gl-js/api/#Map#queryRenderedFeatures][89]

## onLeave

Called when the layer feature is leaved.

Type: [Function][85]

### Parameters

-   `event` **[Object][86]** The mouse event.
    -   `event.lngLat` **\[[Number][87], [Number][87]]** The coordinates of the pointer
    -   `event.features` **[Array][88]** The features under the pointer,
        using Mapbox's queryRenderedFeatures API:
        [https://www.mapbox.com/mapbox-gl-js/api/#Map#queryRenderedFeatures][89]

## radius

Radius to detect features around a clicked/hovered point

## radius

Cluster radius, in pixels

## CustomLayer

**Extends PureComponent**

Custom layers allow a user to render directly into the map's GL context
using the map's camera.

### getLayer

External apps can access layer this way

## source

Mapbox GL Source as Immutable object

## element

ReactDOM element to use as a popup

## element

ReactDOM element to use as a marker

## element

ReactDOM element to use as a marker

## onClose

The onClose callback is fired when the popup closed

## offset

The offset in pixels as a `PointLike` object to apply
relative to the element's center. Negatives indicate left and up.

## offset

The offset in pixels as a `PointLike` object to apply
relative to the element's center. Negatives indicate left and up.

## draggable

Boolean indicating whether or not a marker is able to be dragged
to a new position on the map.

## onDragEnd

Fired when the marker is finished being dragged

## extent

(Tiles) Tile extent. Radius is calculated relative to this value

## nodeSize

Size of the KD-tree leaf node. Affects performance

## innerRef

Callback that is called with the supercluster instance as an argument
after componentDidMount

## compact

If `true` force a compact attribution that shows the full
attribution on mouse hover, or if  false force the full attribution
control. The default is a responsive attribution that collapses when
the map is less than 640 pixels wide.

## AttributionControl

**Extends PureComponent**

An `AttributionControl` control presents the map's attribution information.

## container

container is the compatible DOM element which should be
made full screen. By default, the map container element
will be made full screen.

## FullscreenControl

**Extends PureComponent**

A `FullscreenControl` control contains a button for toggling the map in
and out of fullscreen mode.

## fitBoundsOptions

A `fitBounds` options object to use when the map is
panned and zoomed to the user's location.

## trackUserLocation

If `true` the Geolocate Control becomes a toggle button
and when active the map will receive updates to the user's location as it changes.

## showUserLocation

By default a dot will be shown on the map at the user's location.
Set to `false` to disable.

## GeolocateControl

**Extends PureComponent**

A `GeolocateControl` control provides a button that uses the browser's
geolocation API to locate the user on the map.

## NavigationControl

**Extends PureComponent**

A `NavigationControl` control contains zoom buttons and a compass.

## ScaleControl

**Extends PureComponent**

A `ScaleControl` control displays the ratio of a distance on the map
to the corresponding distance on the ground.

[1]: #classname

[2]: #style

[3]: #mapstyle

[4]: #children

[5]: #children-1

[6]: #accesstoken

[7]: #longitude

[8]: #longitude-1

[9]: #longitude-2

[10]: #latitude

[11]: #latitude-1

[12]: #latitude-2

[13]: #zoom

[14]: #bearing

[15]: #pitch

[16]: #minzoom

[17]: #minzoom-1

[18]: #maxzoom

[19]: #maxzoom-1

[20]: #hash

[21]: #bearingsnap

[22]: #pitchwithrotate

[23]: #attributioncontrol

[24]: #failifmajorperformancecaveat

[25]: #preservedrawingbuffer

[26]: #refreshexpiredtiles

[27]: #maxbounds

[28]: #scrollzoom

[29]: #boxzoom

[30]: #dragrotate

[31]: #dragpan

[32]: #keyboard

[33]: #doubleclickzoom

[34]: #trackresize

[35]: #maxtilecachesize

[36]: #renderworldcopies

[37]: #localideographfontfamily

[38]: #transformrequest

[39]: #collectresourcetiming

[40]: #onviewportchange

[41]: #onload

[42]: #cursorstyle

[43]: #id

[44]: #id-1

[45]: #layer

[46]: #layer-1

[47]: #before

[48]: #before-1

[49]: #onclick

[50]: #parameters

[51]: #onhover

[52]: #parameters-1

[53]: #onenter

[54]: #parameters-2

[55]: #onleave

[56]: #parameters-3

[57]: #radius

[58]: #radius-1

[59]: #customlayer

[60]: #getlayer

[61]: #source

[62]: #element

[63]: #element-1

[64]: #element-2

[65]: #onclose

[66]: #offset

[67]: #offset-1

[68]: #draggable

[69]: #ondragend

[70]: #extent

[71]: #nodesize

[72]: #innerref

[73]: #compact

[74]: #attributioncontrol-1

[75]: #container

[76]: #fullscreencontrol

[77]: #fitboundsoptions

[78]: #trackuserlocation

[79]: #showuserlocation

[80]: #geolocatecontrol

[81]: #navigationcontrol

[82]: #scalecontrol

[83]: http://path/to/my/page.html#2.59/39.26/53.07/-24.1/60

[84]: https://www.mapbox.com/mapbox-gl-js/example/local-ideographs

[85]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[86]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[87]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[88]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[89]: https://www.mapbox.com/mapbox-gl-js/api/#Map#queryRenderedFeatures
